I've had a lot of negative feedback in
response to my coming on and saying
honestly that I happen to have evidence
evidence I present in a court of law
that exonerates somebody unpopular
exonerate someone that that helps his
case to defend himself against reckless
and immoral criminal accusations he's
facing here on YouTube in a court of law
and people are people are unhappy people
are unhappy I think primarily just
because they would prefer if I was some
kind of monster who was out here trying
to get more thumbs up on a video if I
was someone who had no personal
integrity who would just pile on
demonizing someone when I know them to
be innocent or when I know things that
again I would present in a court of law
that would contribute to that side of
the case maybe it's not a slam dunk
maybe there are some points the other
side but that's what I know that's what
I know directly that's the testimony I
have to present okay I don't know what
freely knows we can guess freely has
made public statements on this and we
have screenshots I can guess that what
freely as they say is very similar to
what I have to say okay but the core
case is never gonna happen this is being
disputed in a court of law but you know
one of the complaints which is
interesting and rings true but
ultimately is a negative judgment on
this audience and not on me was the
person who wrote in and said in response
to this this is why you'll never have a
larger audience all right he said this
is why you'll never have a larger
audience because one you're telling the
truth
and two you know you openly refer to
your audience is stupid
right now in that video I didn't call my
whole audience stupid
I made the nuanced statement I normally
do not prepare my videos to cater to the
stupidest 40% of the audience I've done
videos on the philosophy of Aristotle in
the past I'm telling you when I talk
about Aristotle I'm not dumbing it down
that much I think I'm clear I think
people who have no prior
our background in our stall can still
understand that today right after we do
this video I'm gonna do a video on
philosophy of Cicero ancient Roman
philosopher of democracy political
philosopher for everyone I say I'm not
gonna I'm not gonna dump it down that
much okay this is not like there are
YouTube channels like oh five minute
philosophy 8 bit philosophy like Oh dumb
down pocket-sized
lowest-common-denominator politics homey
don't play that okay that's not what I'm
here for
I'm telling you I do not cater to the
dumbest 40% of my audience but I think
that's an interesting comment that rings
true on several levels right you are
never gonna reach a large audience what
does that mean it means you're never
gonna reach a large large audience with
the in veganism right you'll never reach
a larger audience without doing what
freely used to do without doing what
durianrider used to do without doing
what nor vegan is doing right now
right so for that it's a really
interesting judgment on that audience
right so what you know look I probably
have bought 1,000 vegans who care about
this channel and show up regularly if
I've got something to say about veganism
okay what do you think are there maybe
5,000 more vegans I'm not getting who
would show up if I was if I was catering
if I was pandering if I was living a lie
you know sir there's this scene in The
Game of Thrones TV adaptation where
Tyrion Lannister is on trial and he says
to the audience I wish I could be the
monster you think I am I wish I could
play the role the crowd is demanding of
me but I'm not I I can't imagine what
it's like to be a person of so little
personal integrity that they see like
whoa I got 100 thumbs down on a video I
better change my tune I better change
what I'm saying and cater to what the
audience wants no well I hope so for you
guys some of you guys maybe live a lie
off camera so when you come whenever
it's not that challenging to to live a
lie you know this is a criminal all
Gatien I mean I wouldn't lie to you
the audience about a robbery charge I
wouldn't lie to you about a fistfight in
front of a nightclub or a bar I wouldn't
lie to you about some relatively trivial
criminal charge okay I'm also not gonna
lie to you when I see someone being
condemned for having narcissistic
personality disorder a mental disorder I
happen to know a lot about because I
have met and spoken to people diagnosed
with the disorder and naturally I did
research for that reason okay this case
that diagnosis is laughably false if you
don't put that disorder if you've met
and spoken to people it's that laughably
it's it's a complete hatchet job all
right now furthermore if someone really
does have that disorder you should treat
it with some goddamn compassion we know
people we know people who are in Iraq
sick do I come on doing a hatchet job
with them being anorexic it's tragic
it's sad oh wow you have this person we
know people love bipolar disorder I mean
you know I remember there was one vegan
activist in particular and I really
tried to get along with her cooperated
with her it was very very difficult and
her bipolar disorder was doubtless part
of what made it so difficult I'm not
coming on here or condemning her it's
sad it's true you know whatever I'm got
some got some got some human compassion
sure diagnosed these are real you want
to diagnose and condemn this man for
having narcissism narcissistic
personality disorder what can I tell you
I am NOT the monster you want me to be I
am NOT someone who would be gleeful to
tell you Doreen Ryder has a
psychological disorder even if it were
true
and even though durianrider has
personally harmed me and negatively
affected my life in so many ways all
right I have personal integrity
I would never sink to his level I would
never sink to nor veganz level I would
never sink to freelee's level etc etc
and I would not do it for an extra 5,000
viewers which is all that's possible
veganism is not that big an audience you
know it's just that it's just not I
wouldn't do it four or five thousand
viewers I wouldn't do it for five
thousand bucks I've got to figure out
how to live a life with with personal
integrity and so do you you know they
even said about
vegan gains before him excusing his
garbage content by saying it's for the
money how about real estate you know
look what are you you want to go into
real estate like are we really making
these decisions on the basis of money
I've been having these conversations all
of my adult life when I was in Laos and
Cambodia talking to people in the
humanitarian sector who were justifying
doing totally immoral things within the
humanitarian sector within the charity
sector for money I would say them dude
like if this is about the money we
should be in we should be in rap music
we should be in real estate I mean it's
it's it's a joke and these people
they're not joking I mean it's it's sad
and it's sick
they're totally devoted to chasing Fame
they're totally devoted chasing money
and it warps their perception of reality
on a pretty deep level alright um this
is uh this is a rape charge again I
wouldn't lie to you about a robbery
I wouldn't lie to you about a fistfight
yeah some things like that fistfights
have come up on this channel right and
you know I'm now looking at making the
transition with this channel with my my
main channel with active research in
foreign opinion
to really pursuing a larger audience
right I want to talk about politics and
history nonfiction what if you want to
say I want to do research I don't just
want to talk about my opinion my
perspective in the world I want to do
original research and share that there's
a kind of public service but what's
going on in politics in Asia and Europe
in North America and and so on and
that's gonna be a lot of hard work it's
gonna be a lot more hard work than
coming on here and talking about my sex
life which I'm also completely honest
about but let's say you were looking at
a fork in the road where it's like okay
you can have an audience of 5,000 people
telling the truth or you can have an
audience of 50,000 people living a lie
what kind of human being would would
make that choice would choose to live a
lie even if there are no other stakes
and there are no other victims like if
it's just the truth that's being
sacrificed in an abstract sense you know
you want to come at me
this over a rape charge and the rape is
like the second most serious charge
after a murder I guess you know over
allegations of rape and insanity against
someone you know somebody I don't like
somebody I was a critic of myself I came
on and gave reasonable and balanced
criticism of this guy what he said about
Crohn's disease what he said about
homosexuality what he said about
politics what he said about dropping at
a school you know he told people to drop
out of college and this kind of stuff I
nor vegan didn't do that Hannah Chloe
didn't do that what did Hannah Chloe do
real quick why did she move to chiang
mai in the first place
josie same question they moved there to
emulate to imitate to reproduce exactly
the business model that freely had
demonstrated and of course to some
extent the business model during writer
demonstrate they went there to be the
next freely okay said this before
youtube is a really spare art form
look at this it's one man with one
microphone in front of a t-shirt that's
all I got okay keep it real or get the
[ __ ] off of youtube I cannot believe
look the only other the only silver
lining in this crap cloud I gotta say is
remember the numbers of people involved
here are small I was just saying to
Melissa the other day you know I knew
this guy he was robbed by like five
black people they robbed his bicycle and
then he developed this racism towards
all black people and I said well guess
what I know you're hurt but you can't
hate you can't be prejudiced against
millions of people on the basis of your
experience with five of them whether it
was black people or white people or
Chinese people who stole your bicycle
you've got to have some level of
detachment
but I mean I've certainly had my share
of insights into who the people are
within veganism who are on the internet
who are there to be moe
we got an insight into it with the rise
and fall of somebody like little cheetah
the rise and fall of during writer
himself we got to see who these people
are and it's hilarious to me that that
members the audience are writing to me
with their own sense of moral
self-righteousness asking why aren't you
pandering
why aren't you pandering to this
audience and you know what you're asking
me to cater to is all a lot lower than
the lowest common denominator somebody
comes on camera and says to you buy at a
direct phone conversation with this
person this is what she told me again to
all indications the same thing she told
freely at that time right I have emails
this is what she told me
which confirms what she said in that
phone conversation confirms a lot of
other things also and your coming out so
you're saying you want blood you want
entertainment why can't I just why can't
I just lie even when the stakes are that
high that's not an audience I'm
interested in in pursuing and I mean
look maybe it's part of the sickness of
the audience relationship on YouTube you
guys are so used to people like
shouldn't even name names you're so used
to youtubers coming out and saying hi I
love you guys and just doing whatever
they can possibly do to build up the the
self-esteem of the right to make you
feel appreciated the CNN do that to you
like seriously did old fact when you
open a newspaper does the newspaper
appreciate you as an audience no [ __ ]
you the newspaper has a job to do hey I
went out and research to this [ __ ] every
I went on research corruption in the
government and now I'm writing an
article I'm not gonna pander to you wake
up meat you know live up to the
standards of this article or be an
ignorant piece of [ __ ] and ignore it
choice is yours
like that's implicit just in the format
of the newspaper you have to rise to the
newspaper's level or get the [ __ ] out
right and somehow even though YouTube
it's similar
television people have really really
gotten used to a very strange level of
of pandering that uh you know guys
within the next month we're moving to
Taiwan I'm gonna get a new desk you're
gonna get a new suit and a new tie what
goes on in this channel is gonna move up
a level in terms of the quality and
quantity of nonfiction it's gonna be
more like jimmy dore or the young turks
i want it to be way better than that
it's gonna be more like the political
items on philip defranco I hope it's a
higher standard frankly even though he's
a gossip Channel when he does politics
he does better job than those other
channels I want to offer active research
and informed opinion so I know some
members of this audience they're gonna
stay with me and some of you are gonna
disappear do you really expect me to say
I'm gonna miss you I sure am gonna miss
those people who were disappointed when
I didn't make rape allegations I knew to
be false for their entertainment
mind-blowing